---
layout: post
title: Pru Wealth Insurance Policy
---
_Published on 02 Oct 2022 16:27:51_
<br>
<br>
_02 Oct 2022 15:48:50_
<br>
As we age, our mindset changes. We tend to plan on our long term goal
<br>
Where we will be in 5/10 years time?
<br>
As for me, I really dont know. But 1 thing Im sure, I dont want to work for the rest of my life
<br>
I want to travel, explore the world and still having income of my own. Thats the goal...
<br>
So Claire just pop by in my place today and introduce me to this Pru Wealth Plan in Prudential.
<br>
Its like a fixed payment for either 5/10/15/20 years then after a certain year, you can start widrawing it like a normal savings account but with a higher interest rate.
<br>
For this case we calculated a sample.
<br> 
Lets say, I opt to have the 5 years policy.
<br>
$600 per month which is $7200 per year X 5years = $36000 Total Premium
<br>
So based from our sample calculation
<br>
After 15 years I can start widrawing it already like a savings
<br>
<br>
so when I reached 52 - My investment return will be:
<br>
$ 37,426 guaranteed
<br>
$ 40,906 @ 3%
<br>
$ 46,135 @ 4.25%
<br>
<br>
So you can start widrawing from your policy account by then. A minimum of $1000 per widrawal. There is no limit of how much you want to widraw.
<br>
The catch is, you can also NOT widraw it if not needed yet or widraw the amount only needed. Your premium will accumulate at a high rate of up to 4.25% per annum or more depends of the companys standing which is higher than bank interest rate.
<br>
I think this is a good retirement plan.
<br>
I have a month to confirm before my birthday as the premium will change after that.



