---
layout: post
title: Owwa Renewal Appointment
---
_Published on 25 Sep 2022 16:57:01_
<br>
<br>


_25 Sep 2022 12:06:11_
<br>
<br>
Awaken by a loud noise of thunderstorm and splashing of rain, Its a bed weather today.
<br>
I regretted scheduling my Owwa Renewal today. I was torn between getting in bed or getting up.
<br>
But then it strikes me, there's no other schedule that falls on Sunday for the next 2 months! so I have to push myself out.
<br>
So then,I got up and go. 
<br>
Just when I thought that my day will go smoothly, I left my PASS! and I can't get a cab so Im late with my 11:40am appointment!
<br>
Arrived 15 minutes later so I have to get a normal que number. I am behind after 12 peoples. but It wasnt bad, Im still glad come and continue the application today.
<br>
I don't want to come back again and apply a leave just for this.
<br>
<br>
<br>


_25 Sep 2022 12:30:14_
<br>
<br>
That was quick! So the lady was looking for may SPASS to verify the validity.
<br>
I said I left it and beg to just show my Singpass app that contains a copy of my IC
<br>
The app doesn't show also the validity date so requested my part time cleaner friend in my home to take a screenshot of it.
<br>
It wasn't needed after all. My documents where accepted and she said "I trust your words about the validity date"
<br>
So yeah, My Owwa has been renewed for another 24 months
<br>
Someone says Its my lucky day.... Maybe it is... But is it really?
<br>
btw, typing this post in Philippine Embassy.
<br>
Doing blog on the spot is kinda refreshing :)
<br>
<br>
<br>

25 Sep 2022 13:28:13
<br>
<br>
Grabbed a coffe at starbucks along the way from Philippine Embassy.
<br>
Saw this Wall with lots of starbucks cups displayed.
<br>
"Fact" - This starbucks is the first one in Singapore - Opened on 14th December 1996
<br>
<br>
will embed a pic and a video later :)
