---
layout: post
title: and ... Found
---
_Published on 06 Oct 2022 22:59:05_
<br>
<br>
_06 Oct 2022 09:34:29_
<br>
WHAT A COINCIDENCE!!!
<br>
So I try to retrace my walkway yesterday while I was going home to check if I may have drop my badge before boarding in BUS 315.
<br>
Didn‚Äôt found any. So I ask the reception/guard if someone has reported any badge and at the same time, I need to borrow a temporary badge instead if no one has found.
<br>
Just as about to ask the guard, he was telling me that Samuel is looking for me ‚ÄúThe facility manager‚Äù . So I have a hint already Ì∏á
<br>
Someone found my badge and returned! yay!
<br>
The guard said a guy from AMK1 - the same building as I am
<br>
So yada yada yada while on the way to the elevator, my Burmese friend arrived and I told him about what happened blah blah.
<br>
He asked me who found it and all but I said, I dont know, someone from the same building found it.
<br>
And suddenly, someone from the elevator just spoke‚Ä¶ Its me!
<br>
OMG, that was so funny and coincidental! We are just talking about this someone, and here he was!
<br>
I was shooooocked. hehehe. Just amazed how the universe put together this stuff.
<br>
Anyway, We are about to go out in the elevator when he break his silence.
<br>
I just had a quick ‚ÄúThank you‚Äù, I didnt even managed to ask his name coz things happened super FAST!
<br>
So next, is to find out who he is! LOL
<br>
<br>

_06 Oct 2022 22:42:30_
<br>
So to continue with my story today...
<br>
I found out that him and my Burmese friend was together in the training.
<br>
He did some digging to checked the emails.
<br>
Theres only 2 emails of male attendee.
<br>
One with profile and the other without and the one with the profile doesnt look like him and he is offline.
<br>
The other doesnt and already online. So what are the odds?
<br>
I ping the the guy hoping he is the one.
<br>
And bwalah! He was the right one.
<br>
Ive said my THANK YOU atleast.
<br>
He saved me from the hassle of requesting a new one, waiting for days and all.
<br>
Also, I badly needed it to enter the Data Center.
<br>
So yeah, Thank you....
<br>

