---
layout: post
title: See you again, CEBU
published: true
---
_16 Jan 2023 23:30:09_
<br>
<br>
<br>
Day 16 of 365 y 2023
<br>
Days passed by so fast. 4 days in Cebu was gone just like that!
<br>
Its nice to meet family and relatives, and escape the stressful environment of work
<br>
Lately, I feel like life is passing me by....
<br>
For some reasons, going back to my root makes it a little lighter.
<br>
<!--more-->
Making myself busy and explore places and things cover the feeling and thoughts and uncertainties temporarily
<br>
<br>
<br>
Anyways, I really had a hard time getting our transport out of DECA Homes
<br>
We need to get 2 cabs for my mom to Mambaling, my sisters to her home and for myself to go in my condo.
<br>
Our home in DECA is usually where we gather all together,
<br>
just that downside is, this place is a bit far from the highway
<br>
So transport is very hard to get
<br>
<br>
<br>
Everytime I leave, everyone has to leave the house too and go back in different places.
<br>
But possibly next month, my 2nd sibling would be able to live there with her family and look after the place.
<br>
<br>
<br>
So yeah, we didnt get a cab going out so my sister was introducing me this app called "MAXIM" for booking motorbikes
<br>
Theres no option for motorbikes here in using grab, unlike Indonesia and Thailand
<br>
This is just nice if I am not carrying a big bulky items which is just good coz I only have backpack and a handcarry bag with me.
<br>
Its not so bad actually coz its cheaper than getting a cab, plus its easier to pass by on traffics.
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/16jCcj3_OSFbGx69cMV7LTE53XbeGBP9t/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
After my final packing, I book another motorbike to the airport
<br>
<br>
Its a quick ride! Why didnt I know about this before?
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/12f1J-nzI8S__YU4aMIfktwALoknXGC5n/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1swTm58194kcDJEi_t1g7AkOUMAQERV8C/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
Also had a quick meetup with Jacky in Bos Coffe in Airport
<br>
I havent seen her for a long time ever since she left Singapore for good
<br>
A quick catch up and update about our lives
<br>
Messy look and all, I aint going to put any filters on photos here on, What you see is what you get 
<br>
Embracing the mess that I am...
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ycad7q4hItEetqKEic5W0zyZhowS15uX/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
Boarding time at exactly 9:45pm
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Gte77fjtdZy1DefIrVo5rvLU6mzXJcDA/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
