---
layout: post
title: "Life these days"
published: true
---
14 April 2023
<br>
<br>
I think, I have done a great job in my minimalist journey
<br>
This past few months, I think I have decluttered a lot of items that I have a hard time letting go.
<br>
<!--more-->
I have given lots of personal expensive stuff to my friends and family which I've been keeping for so long
<br>
And Im surprised, I was happy to give it to them.
<br> 
I never looked back...
<br>
<br>
Its surprising how minimalism change my perspective in life honestly
<br>
I have read from an article by JOSHUA BECKER [becomingminimalist.com](https://www.becomingminimalist.com/what-is-minimalism/)
<br>
<br>
It says, minimalism;
<br>
**IT IS INTENTIONALITY**
<br>
It is marked by clarity, purpose, and intentionality. 
<br>
At its core, being a minimalist means intentionally promoting the things we most value and removing everything that distracts us from it.
<br>
It is a life that forces intentionality upon us. 
<br>
As a result, it forces improvements in almost all aspects of our life.
<br>
Intentionality looks different for everybody, as no two individuals are the same, 
<br>
but it requires each of us to dive deeper and become more introspective about our values and passions.
<br>
<br>
<br>
**IT IS FREEDOM FROM THE PASSION TO POSSESS.**
<br>
Modern culture has bought into the lie that the good life is found in accumulating things—in possessing as much as possible.
<br>
They believe that more is better and have inadvertently subscribed to the idea that happiness can be purchased at a department store.
<br>
But they are wrong. Embracing minimalism brings freedom from the all-consuming passion to possess. 
<br>
It steps off the treadmill of consumerism and dares to seek happiness elsewhere. 
<br>
It values relationships, experiences, and soul-care. It lets us see all that we already have and reminds us to be grateful.
<br>
In doing so, we find a more abundant life.
<br>
<br>
And lastly...
<br>
<br>
<br>
**IT IS NOT EXTERNAL, BUT INTERNAL.**
<br>
<br>
Embracing this lifestyle is always a matter of the heart.
<br>
After the external clutter has been removed, 
<br>
we create the space to address the deepest heart issues that impact our relationships and life.
<br>
<br>
<br>
And I couldn't agree more...
<br>
<br>
Right now, my life is in a limbo
<br>
My work visa is going to expire this coming 28th,
<br>
And due to some MOM's new rules, 
<br>
its hanging by a thread.
<br>
I am still waiting for a verification process to complete before HR could submit the renewal again.
<br>
So I really don't know how this will end up in the next 2 weeks
<br>
but hey ho, it is what it is.
<br>
I will give the decision to the universe 🙏🏼
<br>
<br>
<br>
Surprisingly I am at peace.
<br>
I somehow overcome my anxiety of thinking ahead of everything
<br>
Wherever I will be thrown by my faith, I will accept it with open hearts...
<br>
<br>
Anyway, lets go back to decluttering,
<br>
Last night, I found my old backpacking bag under my bed full of cobwebs
<br>
and I cleaned it...
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bSTfgd1A2w8mxVlk89awWiuWwoRQHqI4/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
Reminiscing my first backpacking in Europe (London-Edinburgh-Glassgow) last 2016
<br>
<br>
<br>
Laying down in the grass overlooking London Eye
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OjLEj59AYLn3OfWEHTEaiymhHtqcNtCa/preview" width="350" height="200" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/11v9UG7i4hUPOBIPCNFuQlRsQx76RdbqN/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
<br>
A long overnight ride by bus to Edinburgh
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dVIhGjzMIfQQRI0pVRY2aKFgjkj2UpP-/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eqQd9Zoj7MvMkBZ-ePDVHpXC4mCCIs5a/preview" width="350" height="200" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
<br>
and a walk around in glasgow
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gHSCI97cw32DY3Qmus2EVcHwHla97hQJ/preview" width="350" height="200" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BJUADc7sUypYjmOTxeXNg70VVhISVyjN/preview" width="350" height="200" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
<br>
And so many more...
<br>
Oh! Maybe.... Ill create a post for this last trip next time  🤔


