---
layout: post
title: a dreamy dream
published: true
---
_10 Feb 2023 7:45:11_
<br>
<br>
I started feeling my throat sore again, 
<br>
It wasnt really painful, but I am feeling the little pressure
<br>
Also the pressure in my ear which is connected to it.
<br>
Plus I woke up few times last night, 
<br>
suddenly felt like grasping my breath,
<br>
Felt like my left side of my esophagus tube was choked
<br>
I panicked, the usual panicky that I am...
<br>
I managed to feel at ease and sleep back again.
<br>
And then I was dreaming.
<br>
It was kind of wierd, I was having lunch with 2 ladies
<br>
I dont know them but we seemed to be close like friends,
<br>
I was like telling them about this place that I will be going, I have to be there by 3pm.
<br>
It was already 30minutes passed when I seem to arrive in this place, 
<br>
it looks like a restaurant at the entrance but when I get into the back, 
<br>
looks like a big castle with many chef looking people in white. 
<br>
I was welcomed with a lot of young people 
<br>
wearing different kind of white clothes
<br>
I dont know, I seem to apply for a job in there
<br>
but the next thing I was joining them, I was welcomed.
<br>
I was calm. They were all smiling at me. I was too.
<br>
Its the first time that I dreamed something like that,
<br>
Like Seeing unfamiliar faces. And still remembering them.
<br>
Somewhat mixed races all together and I got along with them
<br>
Then...I woke up when my alarm rang.
<br>
Back to reality. 
<br>
Somehow that dream calming.


