---
layout: post
title: "Beach Tennis Session 34 + An Injury!"
published: true
---
15 April 2023
<br>
<br>
My saturday pretty start normal
<br>
Doing some home cleaning by morning which is pretty easier nowadays when you have less stuff.
<br>
Left home around 2pm, 
<br>
Meet up someone from carrousel who bought my bike lock in Kovan MRT 
<br>
then cycle to ECP...
<br>
<br>
We have 3 newbies that needs to be introduced on the game
<br>
So i took the 2 ladies with me teaching them on how to setup the net.
<br>
Aside from the drizzling rain on and off, all started pretty good.
<br>
<br>
And then game starts....
<br>
Me and Sandy playing Vs Paul and Vim
<br>
and then boom! i fall and folded my feet
<br>
We didnt even finished the game 🤕
<br>
Rested it fow a while and just sitting on the side while watching others playing.
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/17IWdPY0hWBrqC1Ie9TKgtnD4Sl-06Xix/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
<br>
I did managed to stand up and walk later on
<br>
fixed up the net and play a chill and slow game with the girls
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1e_yMJaWl_XIgKCNO4prkzJAB0tIiElB8/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
<br>
Had a dinner at Basil & Thymes after the game.
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VTNKknNjERnJTlF6f48zqhMhG9Af8RqU/preview" width="340" height="200" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
<br>
Night was smooth but then unexpected pain suddenly occur 😰
<br>
I cant barely walk after standing up from dinner
<br>
Gines has to hold and support me while walking.
<br>
Sandy has offered to take care pushing my bike too.
<br>
<br>
<br>
**Talk about right timing with right people**
<br>
Sandy and Gines staying around north too,
<br>
So we took bus together.
<br>
We stopped in Nex mall coz I am supposed to change bus there
<br>
But for some reason, it get worst! like i cant walk with my right feet
<br>
Its too painful!
<br>
<br>
So I called grab, and both Sandy and Gines has to bring me home...
<br>
I felt so helpless.
<br>
I fell shy for the help but I really needed it so I accept it.
<br>
I am thankful.
<br>
Im blessed for new found friends that helps out even outside of the game group.
<br>
<br>
<br>
**Premonition?**
<br>
<br>
For some reason, 
<br>
this blue ice pack has a story, 
>br>
>I was cleaning in the morning and defrost my small fridge and found this sticking and frozen below the freezer, 
<br>
and I moved it on the big fridge for future use.
<br>
<br>
Ironic, I have to use it in the evening...
<br>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OMYgyBqnX4lvH3P4CdDiTYJblSlUIn15/preview" width="270" height="340" allow="autoplay"></iframe>
<br>
<br>
q2-g8-2023
