---
layout: post
title: "I got covid+"
published: true
---
04_May_2023_09:57:56 
<br>
<br>
It started with a headache...
<br>
Last monday, I was on my way to paragon for my abdomen ultrasound. 
<br>
I was unsuspecting of anything. 
<br>
I had a long fasting the night before my ultrasound so I thought, it was just a normal "I am hungry type" of headache. 
<br>
It was holiday on April 24 in liu of Hari Raya so it was just an easy day.
<br>
I took a panadol to ease my headache after my ultrasound while on the way back and even stop over in Serangoon Nex Mall for a little bit of window shopping. 
<br>
I remember it was almost 10am then.
<br>
I was waiting for the shop to open and check something before going back home.
<br>
<br>
While I was home, I feel my body is aching.
<br>
I was initially thinking, I might be just tired after a day of walking in Malaysia.
<br>
But to be sure, i took a covid test
<br>
It was negative... Sigh of relief...
<br>
<br>
By the afternoon, 
<br>
I was just sitting in front of my tv watching youtube videos on minimalism.
<br>
I felt a little chilly.
<br>
The body pain i felt is rather different from normal body pains that I've encountered.
<br>
It was a tingling pain on my muscles deep down to my bones.
<br>
<br>
That evening, I took panadol and just rested home. 
<br>
I felt hotfeverish. My temperature was 37.2
<br>
I had a little fever.
<br>
I woke up at midnight with indescribable chill
<br>
The chill was to much that I cant sleep
<br>
I stand up and head my way to get another panadol and took 2 tabs.
<br>
Bed was wet with sweats, I fall asleep atlast...
<br>
<br>
I woke up the nex day. 
<br>
The first thing I do in the morning,
<br>
Was to get a covid test
<br>
Swab my nose....
<br>
and a very thick line
<br>
flash before me.
<br>
Covid +
<br>
I am speechless...
<br>
<br>
There are a lot of things in my mind on that day.
<br>
My pass is going to expire..
<br>
My verification has no result yet..
<br>
My new pass renewal (suntok sa buwan)
<br>
And this...
<br>
<br>
I was just sitting down looking at nowhere
<br>
Lord, your will be done , i mumbled.
<br>
Took a picture of my covid test and sent to my boss then to my colleague to back me up for my work. 
<br>
<br>
HR called . Informing me a good news. 
<br>
Pass renewal was approved! 
<br>
Bad news, I said. I tested positive 😟
<br>
Aiyoooo she said. 
<br>
Your visa is going to expire in 3 days! 
<br>
You are unlucky...
<br>
In my thoughts, 
<br>
I am... 
<br>
A lot of events happened this past weeks, months, 2023 as a whole.
<br>
But still, all things happened for a reason.
<br>
I do believe that.
<br>
<br>
She called Ministry of Manpower for my visa extension due to my covid+ 
<br>
I was extended for another month to get well and do my medical tests for my new pass. 
<br>
In God's will, I was well on 7th day
<br>
On the next day, I gone for the medical test which is required by MOM and requested an express result for the lab test.
<br>
Got my result last night and will be submitting it today.
<br>
<br>
One thing cleared for now, my visa...
<br>
I am still waiting for the cert verification team to get back to me for the result as this is required by HR. 
<br>
I have another issue with this due to the former education centre that I attended in Singapore has closed down.
<br>
<br>
But heyho. Will work on it one at a time
<br>
Whatever will be, will be
<br>
I am just grateful for the opportunities for now.
<br>
Looking at life with a new light.
<br>
One day at a time ♥️
